feat: team preferences (#5196)
appwrite/appwrite: docs/references/teams/update-team-prefs.md

> Update the team preferences by its unique ID. The object you pass is stored as is, and replaces any previous value. The maximum allowed prefs size is 64kB and throws error if exceeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the team's preferences by its unique ID. The object you pass is stored as is and replaces any previous value. The maximum allowed prefs size is 64kB and throws an error if exceeded.
```
